
MoneySuperMarket.com
Sign In
Retrieve Quotes

CAR INSURANCE
Get a quote in less than 5 mins & you could save up to £280*

Compare cheap car
insurance quotes
Save up to £280* on your car insurance

Get a quote in less than 5 minutes

It's fast, free and simple!

GET A BRAND NEW QUOTE › Retrieve quotes ›
*51% of consumers could save up to £280.85 Consumer Intelligence, April 2018

Compare car insurance quotes
It’s easy to compare cheap car insurance quotes online with MoneySuperMarket. Simply fill out a few details about yourself, your driving history, your car, and any named drivers, and you’ll be able to compare quotes quickly.

 

It doesn’t take long
Pop in details of yourself, your licence, and your car, and you’ll be able to quickly compare car insurance quotes.

 

We’ll search for savings
We’ll show you which car insurance quotes are the cheapest along with other features, and give you an easy way to compare policies.

 

Get covered
Once you’ve found a policy you like, you can call or click through to apply for your new car insurance directly with the insurer.

COMPARE CAR INSURANCE
How to get a car insurance quote
It’s easy to get an accurate car insurance quote. All you need to do is answer certain questions about your car and you’ll be reviewing car insurance quotes within minutes. The key information you need to provide includes:

Registration number
Make and model
Age and value
Any modifications made
This information allows us to understand which insurance group your car belongs to, in order to complete the insurance quote. You can find out which group your car belongs to using this tool.

Information about you
You will also need to include information about your job, age, and where you live, along with details of your driving history (including any convictions and claims).

Named drivers
The names and licence details of anyone who will be driving your car need to be provided.

No Claims Discount (NCD) history
Details of your no claims discount will help lower the price you are quoted. You can find out here how many years’ no claims discount your insurer will honour.

Get a new quote ›
How to save money on your car insurance illustration

Get cheaper car insurance
The average cost of car insurance in February 2018 was £508 – a 6.6% drop!*. Whilst any drop in car insurance prices will be welcomed by motorists, these savings are unlikely to be passed on automatically. The best way to get a cheaper car insurance quote is to shop around and compare car insurance.

Here are our top tips on how to get cheaper car insurance

 Car registration number illustration

Don’t auto-renew
Over a third of motorists still allow their
policy to be automatically renewed and
they could be losing out by not
shopping around.

 Car registration number illustration

Compare quotes
Market research company, Consumer Intelligence, found that 51% of customers who search for car insurance through us could save up to £280 on their annual premium**.

 Car registration number illustration

Increase your excess
Insurers are likely to reduce the cost of
cover if you increase your excess. Just
make sure your excess is affordable. Read our voluntary excess guide.

*February 2018 compared to February 2017, according to MoneySuperMarket data.


**51% of consumers could save up to £280.85 Consumer Intelligence, April 2018

Well-known car insurance brands we work with
We compare 124 car insurance brands to bring you the best deals

 
 
 
 
 
 
See more car insurance brands ›
What do our customers think of us?
4.5
 
Customer satisfaction rating

**Based on 11939 reviews in the last 12 months - Read all reviews

What types of car insurance policy are available?
When running a quote, there are three main types of car insurance - third party, third party fire and theft and fully comprehensive.

Third party 

Third party provides the lowest level of car insurance cover. It insures you against damage to another person’s car or injury to them, however it doesn’t cover your car should it need to be repaired or replaced.  

Third Party Fire and Theft
With third party, fire and theft you have additional cover to repair or replace your car if it’s stolen, damaged or destroyed by fire.

Comprehensive Cover
Fully comprehensive car insurance offers complete cover for your car and other drivers. This includes third party and third party fire & theft, vandalism damage, accidental damage, repairs, and loss of gadgets such as sat nav systems. 

In addition to standard car insurance, there are also specialist types of cover including black box/telematics, multi-car, short term, learner and classic car.

Our dedicated guides will help you work out which type of cover is right for you and your motor.

How can we help you save on your car insurance?
It’s our job to find you the best car insurance deal from a wide range of leading UK insurance companies. When you enter your details on our site, we send them to over 120 car insurance brands so they can compete for your business.

We rank the quotes they offer in price order so you can make your selection.

“I got a very good quote for car insurance from MoneySuperMarket.”

-David, Cumbria
16 Aug 2017
“Saved over £300 on my car insurance renewal quote.”

-Jim, Leeds
01 Aug 2017
 
“MoneySuperMarket quickly helped in finding me a much cheaper car insurance - Thank you.”

-Robert, Hereford
05 Jul 2017
“Managed to reduce my motor insurance costs by more than fifty per cent with MoneySuperMarket. Very pleased!”

-Deana, Congleton
01 Jul 2017
See all reviews

CAR INSURANCE GUIDES
Classic car insurance
Compare classic car insurance quotes online

Student car insurance
Study our student car insurance service

New driver insurance
Get a good deal on your first car insurance policy

European car insurance
Find a policy that covers driving on the continent

Teenage driver cover
Get a good price on teenage car insurance policies

Car insurance guide
MoneySuperMarket's definitive car insurance guide













Previous
Next
MOTORING NEWS
 Bigger fines for phones?
Fancy a driverless car?
Are we ready for the motoring revolution?

 two cars crashed into each other
What is car insurance fraud?
And could you be at risk?

YOU & YOUR CAR
 checking tyre depth
Taking care of your tyres
Tips to ensure your tyres are up to scratch

 lady discussing price of car with salesman
Beat car depreciation
Selling your car? Here’s how to get the best price

STREETWISE
 road sign
Do you know your road signs?
Take our quiz to find out

 caravan and motorhome
Caravan or motorhome?
All you need to know about insurance

We’re 100% independent: working only for our customers
Unlike some of our competitors, MoneySuperMarket is not owned by an insurance company. So we can offer great value, with savings delivered straight to you.

We combine independence, so we can negotiate the best prices, with excellent technology, to find great value products and services for you. That’s what makes us - in our customers’ opinions - the best price comparison website.

Level of service
We aim to show you car insurance quotes from as many insurance companies as possible, so that you can find the right policy for you. Unfortunately, we can’t promise to show quotes from every insurance provider, because not all companies want to be included on comparison websites. We won’t offer you advice or make a recommendation, but we will provide you with all the information you need to help you decide which is the right policy for you. You can find out more about how we work here.

MoneySuperMarket can help you find great deals on your car insurance. From single to multi-car deals, satellite-based telematics policies to insurance for classic cars, we search the market to get the best combination of protection and price. Check out our news and guide pages for more information.
Car Insurance Guides  Car Insurance Articles  Car Insurance Providers
Looking for car insurance?
Get a brand new quote ›  Retrieve quotes ›
  
Contact Us Investor Relations Privacy Preference Centre Careers Money Made Easy Terms and Conditions Security Cookie Policy
MoneySuperMarket.com
Contact moneysupermarket.com at Moneysupermarket House, St David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ. © Moneysupermarket.com Ltd 2013

Moneysupermarket.com Limited is an appointed representative of Moneysupermarket.com Financial Group Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA FRN 303190).
Moneysupermarket.com Financial Group Limited, registered in England No. 3157344. Registered Office: Moneysupermarket House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, CH5 3UZ. Telephone 01244 665700

Important information

Here's some important information about the services MoneySupermarket provides. Please read and retain for your own records. About our service

We use cookies to give you the best experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy

 